docs: Clean up prerequisites for the Ingress Controller (#27222)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/ingress.rst

This is a step-by-step guide on how to enable the Ingress Controller in
an existing K8s cluster with Cilium installed.

.. _Kubernetes Ingress: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/

Prerequisites
#############

* Cilium must be configured with ``kubeProxyReplacement`` as partial
  or strict. Please refer to :ref:`kube-proxy replacement <kubeproxy-free>`
  for more details.
* Cilium must be configured with the L7 proxy enabled using the ``--enable-l7-proxy`` flag (enabled by default).

> * The minimum supported Kubernetes version for Ingress is 1.19.

Reviewer: I think we still need this one, before 1.19, Ingress resource is with a different API version (i.e. beta)

Reviewer: for k8s version 1.20+, the user can still use the old Ingress version, as the k8s api server will automatically perform the conversion.

Author: But Cilium with K8s < 1.19 is no longer supported, is it?

Author: From https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.14/network/kubernetes/requirements/#kubernetes-version

Reviewer: ah good point, I was under impression that we still have 1.16+ :heavy_check_mark:

> * Cilium must be configured with ``kubeProxyReplacement`` enabled. Please refer
>   to :ref:`kube-proxy replacement <kubeproxy-free>` for more details.
> * Cilium must be configured with the L7 proxy enabled using ``l7Proxy``
>   (enabled by default).

Reviewer 2: Minor edits for style guide format
```suggestion
* Cilium must be configured with ``kubeProxyReplacement`` enabled. For more
   information, see :ref:`kube-proxy replacement <kubeproxy-free>`.
* Cilium must be configured with the L7 proxy enabled using ``l7Proxy``
  (enabled by default).
```

Author: Fixed, thank you!
